Add Inkling blog post (#3463)
huggingface/blog: thinkingmachines-inkling.md

---
title: Welcome Inkling by Thinking Machines
thumbnail: /blog/assets/thinkingmachines-inkling/thumbnail.png
authors:
- user: burtenshaw
- user: merve
- user: pcuenq
- user: ariG23498
---

# Welcome Inkling by Thinking Machines

> Inkling is the first-ever large (1T params!) open model to natively accept image, text, and audio inputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inkling is a large (1T params!) open model to natively accept image, text, and audio inputs.
```

        inputs["pixel_values"] = inputs["pixel_values"].to(
            dtype=torch.bfloat16
        )

    generate_kwargs = {
        "max_new_tokens": args.max_new_tokens,
        "do_sample": args.do_sample,
        "pad_token_id": config.eos_token_id,
    }
    if args.do_sample:
        generate_kwargs["temperature"] = args.temperature
        generate_kwargs["top_p"] = args.top_p

    with torch.no_grad():
        generated = model.generate(**inputs, **generate_kwargs)

    if rank == 0:
        new_tokens = generated[0, inputs["input_ids"].shape[1] :]
        answer = processor.tokenizer.decode(
            new_tokens,
            skip_special_tokens=False,
        )
        print(
            f"[prompt {inputs['input_ids'].shape[1]} tok "
            f"| images {len(args.image)} | audios {len(args.audio)} "
            f"| generated {new_tokens.numel()} tok]",
            flush=True,
        )
        print(answer, flush=True)

if __name__ == "__main__":
    main()

```

Also available [here](https://huggingface.co/buckets/huggingface/inkling-blog-assets/resolve/generate_inkling.py?download=true).

<details>

## Benchmark Results

> ## Acknowledgements

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Acknowledgements

It takes a village to ship impactful models. We would like to thank Pablo, Eustache, Raushan, Cyril for the transformers support, Daniel and Michael Han for their work in unsloth, Chunte for preparing the artwork. We thank Thinking Machines for open-sourcing this large model to democratize machine learning.
```

|:---|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
|Reasoning|||||||||||
|HLE|40.5|31|41.4|37|37.7|49.8*|41.4*|45|
|HLE (w/ Tools)|54.7|52.3|53.5|-|48.2|57.9*|52.2*|51.4*|
|CritPt|20.9|4.6|13.4|3.7|12.9|20.9|27.1|17.7|
|AIME 2026|99.2|95.3|97|-|94.6|95.7|98.3|98.2|
|HMMT Nov. 2025|94.4|94|95|84.4|94.4|96.5|96.5|94.8|
|HMMT Feb. 2026|92.5|82.6|97.1|84.4|95.2|96.7|96.7|87.3|
|IMOAnswerBench|91.0|83.8|90|-|89.8|83.5|-|81|
|GPQA-Diamond|91.2|86.2|90|93|90.1|93.6|93.6|94.3|
|Coding|||||||||||
|SWE-bench Pro|62.1|58.4|60.6|59|55.4|69.2|58.6|54.2|
|NL2Repo|48.9|42.7|47.2|42.1|35.5|69.7|50.7|33.4|
|DeepSWE|46.2|18|18|20|8|58|70|10|
|ProgramBench|63.7|50.9|-|-|47.8|71.9|70.8|39.5|
|Terminal Bench 2.1 (Terminus-2)|81.0|63.5|75|65|64| 85|84|74|
|Terminal Bench 2.1 (Best Reported Harness)|82.7|69|-|-|-|78.9|83.4|70.7|
|FrontierSWE (Dominance)|74.4|30.5|-|-|29.0|75.1|72.6|39.6|
|PostTrainBench|34.3|20.1|-|-|-|37.2|28.4|21.6|
|SWE-Marathon|13.0|1.0|-|-|-|26.0|12.0|4.0|
|Agentic|||||||||||
|MCP-Atlas (Public Set)|76.8|71.8|76.4|74.2|73.6|77.8|75.3|69.2|
|Tool-Decathlon|48.2|40.7|-|-|52.8|59.9|55.6|48.8|

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

## Acknowledgements

It takes a village to ship impactful models. We would like to thank Pablo, Eustache, Raushan, Cyril for the transformers support, Daniel and Michael Han for their work in unsloth, Chunte for preparing the artwork. We thank Thinking Machines for open-sourcing this large model to democratize machine learning.
```
